README.md, before:

## Thomas Miller

I am a University graduate who has decided to dive straight into coding and studied at Makers Academy. I worked throughout my degree and also played rugby which has given me a love of working with people. 

Now I have completed my studies at Makers Academy, I am now eager to start my first role as a Junior Software Developer bringing my skills along with me. I enjoy working in a supportive and cooperative environment where I will have the opportunity to grow my skills and knowledge. I am keen to learn new technologies and improve the ones that I have used.

#Projects

|Project Title | Description | Development Timeframe | Technologies | Testing Framework |
|--------------|-------------|-----------------------|--------------|-------------------|
|[Grow](https://github.com/T-Miller0/final-project)| A task manager with an interactive garden that pushes your tasks to your Google Calendar | 10 days | Ruby on Rails, Nodejs, React, HTML, CSS | Jest, Enzyme, Rspec |
|[Bank](https://github.com/T-Miller0/tech-test-Bank)| A Bank backend app, for depositing, withdrawing and showing total balance | 3 days | Ruby | RSpec |
|[TelaTalk](https://github.com/T-Miller0/Team-Tela)| A social media application | 10 days | Rails, Devise, Travis CI, Heroku, AWS, Rubocop, Simplecov | Rspec |

## Skills

#### Communication and Team Work

I have played team sports from a very young age which started to develop my communication skills early on. I then progressed to county level in a couple of sports which demanded a much more efficient set of communication skills. Along with sport I have worked in retail for five years, both working with in a team and talking to customers.

#### Time Management

My time management improved while I was at University. However it improved greatly in my last year of university because of all of the commitments I had, I worked, played sport and I was renovating a property. All of these commitments required a significant amount of desired time and could not be postponed.

### Attention to Detail

Attention to detail was extremely important when I was renovating a property since there was time and money at stake. Throughout my time at Makers Academy the importance of the attention to detail quickly grew evermore apparent. Which quickly became a focus of mine, as it saves a lot of time spotting a mistake in some code or preventing that mistake in the first place.

## Education

#### Makers Academy (September 2018 to December 2018)

Makers Academy is a 12 week intensive boot camp designed to develop your skills to become a junior Developer. Throughout this time I have learnt a lot in this short time span. I have not only learnt the coding side of being a junior developer. I have also learnt how to put my skills into use and learnt the soft skills that are needed, for example how to learn quickly and how to be a good collaborator.
The technologies that I have used;
- Ruby, Rails, JavaScript, React, CSS, HTML
- RSpec, Jasmine, Jest, Mocha
- OOP, TDD
- Agile, XP

#### Oxford Brookes University (2013 - 2017)

- Business and Management, BA(Hon) 
- 2.1


#### Other qualifications
- Graduated from the Global Leadership Program, ran by Common Purpose
- Advanced Scuba Diver
= County level Rugby and Cricket

## Experience

John Lewis Partnership (08/2012 - 08/2018)    
Operational Supermarket Assistant  
•	Regularly responsible for the Operational department
•	Responsible for the monitoring of machinery
•	The organisation of my team
•	Auditing of internal and external paperwork
•	Take internal and external phone calls
•	I have trained numerous new and existing colleagues

Oxford Brookes (09/2016)   
Student Guider  
•	I was involved in organising, setting up and leading the events
•	I showed the new students how to use internal systems and website

SITA (06/2011) - Work Experience												
•	Created documents and tables, then inputted data
•	Organised that data in its relevancy

Commit message:

Update, added ecommerce-react to projects

README.md, after:

## Thomas Miller

I am a University graduate who has decided to dive straight into coding and studied at Makers Academy. I worked throughout my degree and also played rugby which has given me a love of working with people. 

Now I have completed my studies at Makers Academy, I am now eager to start my first role as a Junior Software Developer bringing my skills along with me. I enjoy working in a supportive and cooperative environment where I will have the opportunity to grow my skills and knowledge. I am keen to learn new technologies and improve the ones that I have used.

#Projects

|Project Title | Description | Development Timeframe | Technologies | Testing Framework |
|--------------|-------------|-----------------------|--------------|-------------------|
|[Grow](https://github.com/T-Miller0/final-project)| A task manager with an interactive garden that pushes your tasks to your Google Calendar | 10 days | Ruby on Rails, Nodejs, React, HTML, CSS | Jest, Enzyme, Rspec |
|[Bank](https://github.com/T-Miller0/tech-test-Bank)| A Bank backend app, for depositing, withdrawing and showing total balance | 3 days | Ruby | RSpec |
|[TelaTalk](https://github.com/T-Miller0/Team-Tela)| A social media application | 10 days | Rails, Devise, Travis CI, Heroku, AWS, Rubocop, Simplecov | Rspec |
|[Ecommerce-React](https://github.com/T-Miller0/ecommerce-react)| An interactive SPA for a store | 5 days | React | Jest |


## Skills

#### Communication and Team Work

I have played team sports from a very young age which started to develop my communication skills early on. I then progressed to county level in a couple of sports which demanded a much more efficient set of communication skills. Along with sport I have worked in retail for five years, both working with in a team and talking to customers.

#### Time Management

My time management improved while I was at University. However it improved greatly in my last year of university because of all of the commitments I had, I worked, played sport and I was renovating a property. All of these commitments required a significant amount of desired time and could not be postponed.

### Attention to Detail

Attention to detail was extremely important when I was renovating a property since there was time and money at stake. Throughout my time at Makers Academy the importance of the attention to detail quickly grew evermore apparent. Which quickly became a focus of mine, as it saves a lot of time spotting a mistake in some code or preventing that mistake in the first place.

## Education

#### Makers Academy (September 2018 to December 2018)

Makers Academy is a 12 week intensive boot camp designed to develop your skills to become a junior Developer. Throughout this time I have learnt a lot in this short time span. I have not only learnt the coding side of being a junior developer. I have also learnt how to put my skills into use and learnt the soft skills that are needed, for example how to learn quickly and how to be a good collaborator.
The technologies that I have used;
- Ruby, Rails, JavaScript, React, CSS, HTML
- RSpec, Jasmine, Jest, Mocha
- OOP, TDD
- Agile, XP

#### Oxford Brookes University (2013 - 2017)

- Business and Management, BA(Hon) 
- 2.1


#### Other qualifications
- Graduated from the Global Leadership Program, ran by Common Purpose
- Advanced Scuba Diver
= County level Rugby and Cricket

## Experience

John Lewis Partnership (08/2012 - 08/2018)    
Operational Supermarket Assistant  
•	Regularly responsible for the Operational department
•	Responsible for the monitoring of machinery
•	The organisation of my team
•	Auditing of internal and external paperwork
•	Take internal and external phone calls
•	I have trained numerous new and existing colleagues

Oxford Brookes (09/2016)   
Student Guider  
•	I was involved in organising, setting up and leading the events
•	I showed the new students how to use internal systems and website

SITA (06/2011) - Work Experience												
•	Created documents and tables, then inputted data
•	Organised that data in its relevancy
